Add animation for instantiation. Investigate bloom on stars? add grav body texture, small enough masses should be terrestrial, larges masses should be more beefy.


Add different types of instantiations -- black holes, dust, gas, planets, and stars. 


Will want to refactor Game System constants to include some dynamically changing user prefs as well




Probably should make the UIFont something that gets statically loaded in the background too? no reason to pass to the arguments?


User Input -> InputSystem -> UIState(inputState on inside) -> UISystem (update all elements) -> UIElement(mass slider, calculate new positions, and actual mass value) -> pass mass Value to UIState -> render at end?





need to replace physics spawn time accumulator DTs with the true physics dt.


really need to add initial velocity vector instantiation

also add black hole class soon :D

Add restriction on creating 0 mass bodies unless in dev mode?

probably need to add testing for collision logic :(

Need to investigate private vs public vs protected methods bc they are bleeding over each other a bit

TBI change src to have UI as a full subfolder instead of this entities scenes nonsense?

TBI make build just build with the last build config and not run clean? done on windows.


abstract the clickMe and slideMe into one method called interact, which will check the type and then dispatch at the local ui level?


rework breakapart / substitute with particles mechanics to stop line segmenting issue?

control volume using SDL_SetAudioStreamGain(musicStream, musicVolume)

add feature to delete most recently created body

Rework rendering into SDL_GPU.

add previous position check into slider to allow for delayed playback of slider ticks.

Rework UIState sound stuff into a SoundState.

reserve probably about 250k into the Particle size and about 256 into the macro body size

Rework into Barnes hutt ? rework math?

Barnes hutt won't be substantially worse than the existing system, but it will be much more accurate and will allow me to combine into a single vector of bodies



 add sound back to sliders with previous state info
Order of features to follow -> zoom -> barnes hutt? -> SDL_GPU rewrite ->

Next, add E&M -> boundaries on bodies to indicate class -> rework color system to deal with all

-> load management -> player class -> player IO -> player physics


-> +3 music tracks -> add level select scene -> build property checkboxes and overlay display


If instantiating a large negative mass body explosion in positive cloud, weird explosion and also vice versa



Need to make a toggle for the camera to follow the player around?





Need to make the Visor Views. Need to find way to currently display view as Mass Visor View. Build UI Element to dropdown the different views for Charge, Temp, Realistic.

Tab should cycle them, but click dropdown for specific.

Need to include option to predictively integrate forward and draw lines. Maybe should be default?

Time slider should also start at 0 for default mission format

Need to add feature to delete most recent body

Need to add feature to click and drag to move bodies

Need to add settings menu to toggle frame rate caps and music mode (Funky Space/Epic Space so that tone doesn't feel like it conflits)

Need to incorporate RK4 instead of current integration solution (RK3?)

Need to incorporate Gravity Approx tree solution

Need to bring in ship sprites

Need to create fire animation for thrust

Need to incorporate Tsiolkovsky Rocket Equation

Need to create Mission Config file upload and download (coordinate tables?)

Need to create mission success metric

Fuel management/health system/Track mass instantiated

Need to create Obstacle Classes -- dust/asteroid fields/gas clouds
 
Create Custom Grav Body Dynamic types -- stars/planets/moons/ice planets/black holes?

Need to create sound effects

Need to create second and third starship classes 

Rework Starship Properties

Level Design Hell

Create Menu to select Gameplay Mode -- Sandbox, Mission Editor, Main Missions, Play Uploaded Missions

Create Rudimentary Web Server to share Level Design Files and score the main mission files publicly
